Update RabbitMQ transport 8 documentation (#5791)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/rabbitmq/connection-settings_add-cluster-node_rabbit_[8,).partial.md

## Connecting to multiple cluster nodes

> The connection string for an endpoint allows one host name to be specified. When connecting to a RabbitMQ cluster, it can be useful for the endpoint to know about all of the nodes in the cluster. If a node goes down, the endpoint can attempt to reconnect to a different node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting to a RabbitMQ cluster, it is beneficial if endpoints are able to connect to any of the nodes in the cluster. For example, if a node goes down, the endpoint can attempt to reconnect to a different node and continue operation. 

Since endpoint connection strings are limited to specifying a single hostname, the `AddClusterNode` API can be used to tell the endpoint about additional cluster nodes:```
